fix: default passthrough behavior of falsyFallBack for numbers that use 0 as a padding character (#19)
keawade/fixed-width-parser: README.md

  default?: string | number;
  // overrides FixedWidthParser.defaults.truncate
  truncate?: boolean;

>   // value to return when value parses as falsy
>   falsyFallback?: FalsyFallback

Reviewer: We should make the documentation more explicit:

```suggestion
  // value to return if the parsed value is falsy
  // default: IParseOptions.falsyFallback value
  falsyFallback?: 'undefined' | 'null' | 'passthrough'
```

Reviewer: We should also update the documentation up on L67 to explicitly document what the default value is for `IOptions.falsyFallback`. The default value is `'passthrough'`.
